```json
{
  "verdict": "needs-revision",
  "summary": "The core fairness machinery is now genuinely strong: the round-4 graft objection is answered by exact computation rather than caveat, the quadrature bug is fixed structurally with a guard, the aggregate covariate column is deleted so observability is enforced by construction, and every citation checks out including the corrected MAIC methods/application split. The serious residual problem is the flexible ML-NMR specification: aux_regression=~.trt pools the two studies' placebo baselines while the registered DGM deliberately gives the studies different baselines, so the ML-NMR column toggle still changes baseline representation as well as proportionality — round 2's confound surviving in new form — and the near-truth check replicate does not establish transport across the 4x4 grid. This should be settled by the protocol's own method (exact structural-error measurement per grid cell) before the expensive run, or by using aux_regression=~.trt+.study. Remaining items are minor: a 'two orders of magnitude' overstatement (62x), covariate-effect wording that denotes two different objects, a noisy 2-chain R-hat gate, and an unregistered integration-order selection tolerance.",
  "findings": [
    {
      "axis": "fair-comparison",
      "severity": "serious",
      "what": "For the ML-NMR row the column toggle is not clean. The proportional arm stratifies the baseline by study (aux_by=.study); the flexible arm regresses all auxiliary parameters on treatment alone (aux_regression=~.trt), which forces the two studies' PBO arms to share one baseline spline while the registered DGM gives the studies different baselines (Weibull scales 12 vs 14; Gompertz cells in the grid). Proportionality and baseline representation therefore both change between columns. Worse, with A observed only in S1, A's treatment-specific spline can absorb S1's baseline, so the 'target-standardized' A curve may be standardized to the target covariate law but anchored on the wrong baseline. The quoted numbers are quantitatively consistent with this: flexible PBO 10.84 sits below the proportional row's S2-anchored PBO 11.25 and plausibly between the two studies' PBO RMSTs (scale-12 PBO would be near 9.6-10), and the near-truth B-A=0.77 can arise from cancellation (A biased low via S1's baseline, B fit high) rather than correct transport. Unlike MAIC's graft, which was measured at ~2% of the 0.50-month threshold, this error is potentially of the same order as the threshold in baseline-mismatched cells, and it currently rests on a single check replicate at an unstated grid cell. This is the mirror image of round 4's graft objection — a structural row handicap, this time unmeasured.",
      "fix": "Apply the protocol's own standard: compute the flexible ML-NMR's structural transport error exactly, per cell of the 4x4 grid, with perfect estimation (an R/05b-style script), and state which grid cell the check replicate used. If the error is not negligible, use aux_regression=~.trt+.study (study-specific PBO baselines
